untamed heart ( 1993 ) is a wonderful and truly magical film . it has two extremely strong and compelling performances by the leads , and is a film that makes you realize the joy of the human existence and especially the rapture of love . unless your taste run to believing the scrooge's of life , i find it hard to believe that you will not be as charmed by this show as was i . christian slater plays adam in the best piece of acting is his career . it is so imaginative and risk taking that i wish he had at least gotten an academy award nomination for it . it is a brilliant piece of acting . adam is someone who is either very shy , has a low iq , or both . he relates his story in such a slow and serious way that you begin to think , well maybe . their love making ranks among the slowest , sweetest , and most natural i have ever seen on the screen . the romance is more than just sex . it includes many magical gifts like making christmas trees that appear overnight in the caroline's bedroom . the direction by tony bill and the script by tom sierchio floats on a cloud . the movie works in all dimensions , but the scenes between adam and caroline are pure bliss . the cinematography by jost vacano and the sets by steven jordan do a wonderful job of providing reverence to lower class housing , jobs , and existence . other than watching the great and natural charisma between the two leads , the delight in the show is the little surprises in the plot , and there are many . the plot has several tragedies in it , and some may object that it is too manipulative , but , i thought every moment of it worked , right down to the ending . untamed heart breezes through at only 1 : 38 thanks to beautiful and seamless editing by mia goldman . the film is rated pg-13 for violence , preliminary sex , and brief nudity . since the little violence the film has is realistic and a bit frightening , i would say the film would be fine for any kid over say 10 . i loved this movie and think you will too so i give it a strong recommendation and award it * * * 1/2 . * * * * = one of the top few films of this or any year . a must see film . * * * = excellent show . look for it . * * = average movie . kind of enjoyable . * = poor show . don't waste your money . 0 = one of the worst films of this or any year . totally unbearable . opinions expressed are mine and not meant to reflect my employer's . 